docs(canvasx-elements, canvasx-editors): Typography, Editors, SiteBuilder & Cleanup (#1442)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/cx-link/doc/Link.md

# CX Link Component

The CX Link Component is based on the [BodilessJS Link Component](../../Components/Link/). While
Bodiless Link is a generic Link component with tokens that can be combined however you choose, CX
Link builds upon it, providing a sensible default combination of its generic tokens (i.e., features
and styles), to help meet typical site-use expectations.

- Provides an Editable Link component;

> - Detects if the link is to a downloadable file, and adds an appropriate icon automatically;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Detects if the link points to an external URL or a downloadable file, and adds an appropriate icon automatically;
```

Author: @misterjones  can you incorporate

> - Detects if the link is to a downloadable file, and adds an appropriate icon automatically;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Detects if the link points to a downloadable file, and adds an appropriate icon automatically;
```

and styles), to help meet typical site-use expectations.

- Provides an Editable Link component;
- Detects if the link points to an external URL or a downloadable file, and adds an appropriate icon
  automatically;
- Includes accessibility description; and
- Uses Bodiless `EditableLink` under the hood.

## Content Editor Details

As the Editor experience will be unchanged, you can refer to [Link Component : Content Editor
Details](/Components/Link/#content-editor-details) for instructions on use.

> ?> **Note:** For accessibility reasons, if you're adding a Link to an external URL or a downloadable
> file, it's recommended that you provide an `aria-label`.

Reviewer: Maybe it's a good idea to document the reason:

```suggestion
?> **Note:** When using icon fonts, some screen readers try to read pseudo-element icons out loud. For this reason, if you're adding a Link to an external URL or a downloadable file, it's recommended that you provide an `aria-label`, making the accessibility tree consistent between screen readers.
```
